Editing fails here
and do you have an idea why it fails?
It fails because of my check here,
I compare the product user ID to the request user ID.
Now we have a type problem again, I should convert both to a string because I'm also checking for type
equality.
So with this change, both converted to a string and not this strange object id thing, with this in place,
now if I login or if I'm logged in with the right account,
now I can update this and I can also delete this.
So this now all works with the right account,
so with the account who created it
but it will not work if I login with the wrong account because if I login there,
so this is now the account which did not create it,
I can view it on the normal pages,
I can add it to my cart if I want to but under admin products, I do not see it
and even if I would see it, I could not interact with it.